# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.1


[0]
name=Adrienn Ardey - PMi Group
email=adriennardey@pmiconsult.com

[1]
name=Alan O'Brien
email=alan@lcaconsulting.ie

[2]
name=Alessandro Forestan
email=AForestan@costalev.com

[3]
name=Andreas Poller
email=andreas.poeller@homag.de

[4]
name=Andrzej
email=leshak@stolplit.ru

[5]
name=Antonio Clemente
email=a.clemente@biware.it

[6]
name=Artem Pastushkov
email=arpastushkov@pbaconsult.com

[7]
name=Boris Abramov
email=abramov@stolline.ru

[8]
name=Boris Voloe
email=boris.m.volpe@gmail.com

[9]
name=Commerciale Estero Lordflex's
email=commestero@lordflex.com

[10]
name=Cristina Galizia
email=cgalizia91@gmail.com

[11]
name=cvadmin
email=cvadmin@rdlcorp.com

[12]
name=Daniele Pedroni
email=costalev@rambler.ru

[13]
name=Davide Riboni
email=davide.riboni@gigroup.com

[14]
name=Domenico Galizia
email=dgalizia64@gmail.com

[15]
name=Ermilova, Elena
email=eermilova@luxoft.com

[16]
name=Elizaveta Huber
email=cosm-cosm@yandex.ru

[17]
name=Frank Schmid
email=frank.schmid@homag-esolution.com

[18]
name=Gerardo Fabrizio
email=g.fabrizio@opendatasrl.it

[19]
name=Germano Reggiani
email=grereg@alice.it

[20]
name=Giovanni Stornante
email=gstornante@gmail.com

[21]
name=Hubert Brejtfus
email=homag76@gmail.com

[22]
name=Jeremy Florat
email=florat@coberon-ru.com

[23]
name=Kirill N. Tukhtikov
email=tukhtikov@pbaconsult.com

[24]
name=Kirill N. Tukhtikov
email=tukhtikov@pbaconsult.com

[25]
name=Krakow Taxi
email=office@krakowdirect.com

[26]
name=Kristina Selina
email=kristina_selina@sberbank-cib.ru

[27]
name=KW@KWPetroleum.com
email=KW@KWPetroleum.com

[28]
name=Luca Maletti
email=lmaletti@gruppostratos.com

[29]
name=Marco Reginato
email=reginato@simemrussia.ru

[30]
name=Marina Galizia
email=leonexm@rambler.ru

[31]
name=Mario Ing. Moretti
email=mmoretti@costalev.com

[32]
name=Mariusz Frej
email=incognito192@interia.pl

[33]
name=Maurizio Fabrizio
email=m.fabrizio@opendatasrl.it

[34]
name=Mitko Orcev
email=m.orcev@opendatasrl.it

[35]
name=Natalia
email=makarova@stolline.ru

[36]
name=nino
email=nino@degirolami.ru

[37]
name=Palagin Oleg Nikolaevich.
email=opalagin@stolline.ru

[38]
name=Patrick Ade
email=p.ade@buerkle-gmbh.de

[39]
name=Pietropaolo Francesco
email=francesco.pietropaolo@unicreditgroup.eu

[40]
name=Podezva Igor Valentinovich
email=podezva@stolline.ru

[41]
name=Raquel Mediavilla Garcia
email=RAQUEL.MEDIAVILLA@secrecruitment.com

[42]
name=Rohde, Rebecca
email=rebecca.rohde@acs-inc.com

[43]
name=Recepcja Hotel Piwnica Rycerska
email=poczta@rycerska.pl

[44]
name=Robert Raszkowski
email=raszkowski@stolline.ru

[45]
name=Roberto Baù
email=bau.roberto@gmail.com

[46]
name=Taras Rybak
email=taras@sandtongroup.com

[47]
name=Teresa Ambrosini
email=TAmbrosini@buzziunicem.it

[48]
name=Vincenzo Ferrara
email=ferrara@cosmedi.it

[49]
name=Weronika Juszczak
email=wjuszczak@sowelo.eu

[50]
name=Skushnikova, Yanina
email=yanina.skushnikova@lukoil.com

[51]
name=Александр Кильяков
email=kilyakov@sdi-solution.ru

[52]
name=Александр Мудрицкий
email=maradonna@stolline.ru

[53]
name=Андрей Анатольевич Поляков
email=polyakov@stolline.ru

[54]
name=Андрей Петрович Цветковский
email=atsv@stolline.ru

[55]
name=Анна Игоревна Афанасьева
email=ania1507@stolline.ru

[56]
name=Валерий Дмитриевич Сергиенко
email=sergienko@stolline.ru

[57]
name=Галина Викторовна Овсянникова
email=gala@stolline.ru

[58]
name=Геннадий Бондурин
email=bondurin@gmail.com

[59]
name=Евгений Вячеславович Зинин
email=zinin@stolline.ru

[60]
name=Игорь Романович Карпа
email=ihor@stolline.ru

[61]
name=Ирина Черепанова
email=fiona@pochtamt.ru

[62]
name=Марина Задерей
email=snushka1@yandex.ru

[63]
name=Марина Сергеевна Потовина
email=marina@stolline.ru

[64]
name=Михаил Викторович Чураков
email=michael@stolline.ru

[65]
name=Пётр Ваго
email=peter.vago@tmf-group.com

[66]
name=Сергей Горохов
email=gorokhov@sdi-solution.ru

[67]
name=Славомир ЛешаК
email=s-lesiak@stolplit.ru

[68]
name=Яна Маленина
email=milany06_90@mail.ru

[69]
name=gali

